Mayuri?
You were sent here by a time machine.
Is that you, Mayuri?
Mayushii has looked for Okarin
in many, many, many world lines, chasing him.
Mayuri?
You could say that the Okarin here
is one of many Okarins, but you could say
he's the original Okarin.
You could also say the Mayushii here
is one of many Mayushiis,
but that she's the original too.
And so,
I think Okarin and Mayushii are gonna die here.
But I believe
our legacy will carry on to the Okarin and Mayushii in Akihabara,
70 million years from now.
So...
it's okay.
Dogma
in Ergosphere
Okarin!
Kurisu says to come in since she's almost done.
And Mayushii's cosplay...
Well...
Hurry! Hurry!
Do you think you could hold this?
Like this?
That's right. Keep it spread out like that!
That ribbon's cute.
Isn't it?
Want to try it on?
I still have some cosplay outfits for Comima.
Cosplay, huh?
Interested?
N-No way!
I couldn't wear this in public...
It's done!
I win!
We were racing.
I lose.
But we're finished too.
With this, we're done.
This is...
a time leap machine.
It looks like an evil organization's brainwashing machine.
It's like a little Phone Microwave, now with headphones!
It may not look like much,
but theoretically, this can transmit memories into the past...
...especially now that we can use the LHC.
The LHC's involved?
Yes, it's basically a problem of compression.
Like I said,
this machine reads the signals
comprising memories in the brain and encodes them as data.
In total, it's 3.24 terabytes.
But the Phone Microwave
can only send a little over 36 bytes.
Of course, data at the terabyte level is out of the question,
so we send it to the LHC,
Compress the data with the black hole
Generate a black hole with the LHC
use the black hole to compress it,
then send it back,
using the same method as the D-mail's to send it to the past.
Like putting a mattress that won't fit in a closet inside a compression bag?
Strictly speaking, it's different,
but that's close enough for you to get an idea.
Like using D-mail, we can send data to the past.
Then, we use the cell phone's spread-spectrum waves to copy
the future memories to the brain in the past.
This creates a "you" with memories from the future.
The furthest back you can send data is 48 hours at a time.
Any further and the two brain states'
difference is too large,
and it might fail.
And there's one other problem.
What?
Unlike the Phone Microwave or D-mail,
we need a test subject,
or we can't do it.
Since we're sending memories,
the only way to know if it succeeded
is to use a human.
In other words, one of us has to do it?
I'll pass.
Okabe, tell me what you think.
Not Hououin... but Okabe.
Daru?
'Sup?
We still don't know why the line connected to SERN, right?
Yeah...
but there's nothing to indicate the hacking's been discovered.
I agree.
If they'd really noticed, they would've done something.
I'm watching you.
Can we really overcome time?
Part of me wants to find out.
Th-Then...
can't Mayushii buy some bananas,
so we can time leap the bananas Mayushii bought?
Mayuri, I explained it, didn't I?
Bananas have no memories.
But we won't do the experiment.
We'll announce this to the world.
We'll give the time leap machine to an appropriate organization.
I agree...
If you're okay with that.
Mayushii really agrees!
Hashida ordered pizza, right?
Yeah.
Then I'll just make the salad.
And we'll need...
Wait.
What?
You said salad, right?
Yes, grapefruit salad.
Then why do we have fermented soybeans and ground beef in the cart?
You can make some good stuff by combining things.
The grapefruit is sour, so you can
combine anything with it.
No, you can't!
Yes, you can!
You'll see once you try.
If you want salad,
there's a complete salad right here!
And it's 50% off!
It's no fun buying something that's already made.
This is why guys who are only interested in experiments suck...
Ah, here's the coriander.
It's me.
The Organization's agent has finally made her move.
Send help!
Now!
You look like a cat who just left the vet.
Your face says, "I'm free at last!"
I'm surprised.
I expected you to say we were starting
the time leap experiment immediately.
Disappointed?
I guess so.
On a fundamental level, humans are temporal creatures.
Heidegger said that.
Honestly, I was relieved when you said we wouldn't do the experiment.
I think everyone else agrees.
Hey, if we're having a party,
can I call Ruka and Faris?
It's a developers' conference.
Mayuri might have been thinking
that we should've stopped for a long time now.
That's true.
Actually, she may have seen more than the two of us,
since we've been obsessed with the experiments.
When do we announce it?
The sooner the better, I think.
Tell me ahead of time.
I want to contact my mom.
And...
...my dad will also find out
that I made a time leap machine.
Maybe we won't be able to go to Aomori.
This is going to be big.
Don't worry.
I'll solve my lab members' problems.
Yeah, yeah.
You just want to abuse me as your assistant, right?
Because you're my dear companion.
Th-Thanks...
Ow...
What are you doing?
I thought you might have a fever
because you're saying un-assistant-like things!
I-I'm not...
I'm not particularly grateful to you.
I'm just being polite...
How tsundere can you be?
I'm not tsundere!
And what about you?
You always, and I mean always, say the craziest stuff,
and now you're talking about companions?
You're all over the place!
Don't be stupid!
I never waver.
My lab members are my allies,
and the world is my enemy!
That's all.
I'm so stunned I can't speak.
You just spoke!
Don't try to trip me up!
Welcome back!
Snacking while everyone's out?
That's bad manners.
Pizza doesn't taste good cold.
In any case, why are all three of them the same?
My personal tastes.
Why, you...
You think you're the boss now?!
See?
I was right to buy the ingredients, wasn't I?
Wait a second. I'll get started.
Why didn't you stop her?
I did! With all my might! With all I had!
Okarin, you said you'd protect your lab members, right?
Don't give up.
It might not be over yet.
It's still possible
the apple pie was just a failed attempt,
and normally...
I forgot the radishes...
I guess sweet pickles'll work.
When this meal's over, I'm going to retire and get married.
I'm back!
Mayuri, I'm so glad.
Get to the kitchen!
Yo!
What's that? I smell something good.
The pizza's here already?
I'll get my kara...
Why is Makise Kurisu here?
Because I'm a lab member.
What are you doing here?
I'm also a lab member.
What's going on?
No idea.
Kurisu, did something happen between you and Suzu?
Not really.
She just keeps blaming me for the craziest stuff.
She said I'm a SERN spy.
I'm not crazy. It's the truth.
How can you be so certain?
Do you have any proof?
I don't have any proof.
But it'll happen.
Huh?
It's fate.
I know more about you than you do.
Who you really are,
and what you're going to do after this.
I'm sorry.
That makes no sense.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Kurisu...
Suzu!
Get back, Mayuri...
Only Hououin Kyouma can handle this situation.
Assistant!
I raised you better than that!
You didn't raise me.
I'll tell you what the most important thing is about being a mad scientist...
I'm not listening, and I won't be a mad scientist.
Part-time soldier!
I warned Okabe Rintarou, didn't I?
Beware of Makise Kurisu.
Yes, you did say that...
You did, huh?
And you believed her, did you?
I didn't...
But you didn't tell me I was wrong.
About that...
Aren't you making things worse?
Shut up!
Can you do better?
You know—
Um...
Mayushii... doesn't like fighting...
Mayuri.
I-I don't really like it either.
When we're all together...
I think it'd be more fun if we were all friends!
Choose wisely.
Is that card a link?
Or a virus?
Part-time soldier, your fate as a soldier
and the last slice of cake rest on this.
When in doubt, attack!
That's my motto!
You fell for it, girl.
Now you have three viruses.
Tell me you give up,
and I'll give you the cherry on top.
Miss Amane is taking this too seriously.
Okarin, you're being mean to Suzu.
In the world of games, it's do or die.
That's how I was raised.
The ones lined up in the corner
are definitely link cards.
Knowing Okabe's personality, I'm sure of it.
Take one.
She's right!
Assistant!
You're my assistant, yet you betrayed me?
Stop calling me your assistant!
I hate that arrogance of yours!
I... I won't thank you.
Mayushii will help too.
Then would you get tea for everyone, Mayuri?
Sure!
Now then...
Thank you, Kurisu.
For what?
Mayushii is happy you became friends with Suzu.
We're not really friends,
but I think you're right.
When we're all together, it's more fun to get along.
I was talking with Okabe...
You may be the one
with the clearest view of the lab.
That was the only time I've seen Okabe look so serious.
It was kind of creepy.
That's insulting to Okarin!
I'm sorry.
But...
Curse you, part-time soldier!
You won, but not of your own ability!
Don't be so arrogant!
This is really good!
I'm off to plan for round two.
Enjoy it while you can...
the last dessert of your life!
Wanna go check on him?
I'll take care of this.
Okay.
Okarin!
What?
I couldn't find a flashlight.
The Cyalume Saber is Future Gadget #6.
Don't use it as a flashlight.
But it's bright...
You seem to be having fun.
I am!
The pizza was good,
and Suzu and Kurisu were having fun.
I'm not!
Hey, we've got lots of lab members now, right?
So I was thinking that, lately, we've been lacking a bunch of stuff.
A bunch of stuff?
Um, chairs?
And we need more utensils...
Wait just a little longer.
If we announce we've made a time leap machine,
we'll get some kind of reward.
That'll solve everything.
Really?
We can buy chairs and utensils?
Yup.
What if I said we could buy those and still have money left over?
Then a microwave too!
I miss being able to heat up my karaage.
I'll consider it.
It's kind of strange.
You looked really lonely in the spring.
The lab was always quiet.
All I could hear was the sound of your computer.
And now there's Daru, Kurisu,
Ruka, Suzu, Moeka,
Faris, Mr. Braun, and Nae...
Mayuri?
It's okay now, isn't it?
Even if Mayushii isn't your hostage anymore.
Okarin! Mayushii!
Big trouble!
The trains stopped!
Bomb threat? Akihabara in panic.
For those of you just tuning in,
the following lines have been shut down due to a bomb threat:
Yamanote Line.
Soubu Line.
A bomb threat, huh?
What a pain.
I need to call home.
This party was to celebrate the time leap machine's completion, right?
That's right.
Why mention that now?
Are you still hacking into SERN?
I guess you could say that I went deeper.
What do you mean?!
I got a direct connection to SERN.
Everyone! You need to...
I'm sorry.
I'm leaving!
Suzu!
What was that about?
What will you do, Mayushii?
Take a taxi home?
Hmm... I don't have the money for a taxi.
Huh?
My watch stopped working...
That's strange.
I just wound it.
What is this?
Wh-What?
...have been suspended...
Don't move.
All of you, put your hands up.
Moeka...
Kiryuu Moeka...
SERN will take the time machine.
SERN?
What do you mean?
Makise Kurisu.
Okabe Rintarou.
Hashida Itaru.
The three of you will come with me.
What about Mayuri?
Shiina Mayuri is...
...not necessary.
Don't.
Don't do it.
For FB... FB... FB...
Mayuri?
Mayuri!
What is this?
What the hell is this?!